% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math} % this also loads fontspec
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
\usepackage{lmodern}
\ifPDFTeX\else
  % xetex/luatex font selection
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\usepackage{longtable,booktabs,array}
\usepackage{calc} % for calculating minipage widths
% Correct order of tables after \paragraph or \subparagraph
\usepackage{etoolbox}
\makeatletter
\patchcmd\longtable{\par}{\if@noskipsec\mbox{}\fi\par}{}{}
\makeatother
% Allow footnotes in longtable head/foot
\IfFileExists{footnotehyper.sty}{\usepackage{footnotehyper}}{\usepackage{footnote}}
\makesavenoteenv{longtable}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\urlstyle{same}
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={06 User Stories},
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}

\title{06 User Stories}
\author{}
\date{}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

{
\setcounter{tocdepth}{3}
\tableofcontents
}
\hypertarget{user-stories---vision-based-pick-and-place-system}{%
\section{User Stories - Vision-Based Pick and Place
System}\label{user-stories---vision-based-pick-and-place-system}}

\hypertarget{overview}{%
\subsection{Overview}\label{overview}}

This document contains \textbf{user stories} organized by persona,
mapped to core robotics concepts, and prioritized using the MoSCoW
method (Must have, Should have, Could have, Won't have).

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{personas}{%
\subsection{1. Personas}\label{personas}}

\hypertarget{primary-personas}{%
\subsubsection{1.1 Primary Personas}\label{primary-personas}}

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.1781}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2397}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.3288}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2534}}@{}}
\toprule\noalign{}
\begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Persona}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Role}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Goals}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Pain Points}
\end{minipage} \\
\midrule\noalign{}
\endhead
\bottomrule\noalign{}
\endlastfoot
\textbf{Alex (Operator)} & Production floor operator & Run system
efficiently, monitor status, handle errors & Complex interfaces, unclear
error messages \\
\textbf{Jordan (Integrator)} & Robotics system integrator & Deploy and
configure system, calibrate sensors & Poor documentation, difficult
setup \\
\textbf{Sam (Engineer)} & Software/robotics engineer & Develop new
features, debug issues, optimize & Lack of modularity, hard-to-trace
bugs \\
\textbf{Morgan (Manager)} & Production/operations manager & Maximize
uptime, throughput, ROI & Lack of visibility, slow cycle times \\
\textbf{Casey (Maintenance)} & Maintenance technician & Perform routine
maintenance, diagnose faults & No diagnostic tools, unclear
procedures \\
\textbf{Taylor (Data Scientist)} & AI/ML engineer & Train models,
improve detection accuracy & Limited labeled data, model drift \\
\end{longtable}

\hypertarget{secondary-personas}{%
\subsubsection{1.2 Secondary Personas}\label{secondary-personas}}

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 4\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2385}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 4\tabcolsep) * \real{0.3211}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 4\tabcolsep) * \real{0.4404}}@{}}
\toprule\noalign{}
\begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Persona}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Role}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Goals}
\end{minipage} \\
\midrule\noalign{}
\endhead
\bottomrule\noalign{}
\endlastfoot
\textbf{Riley (Safety Officer)} & Safety compliance manager & Ensure
system safety, compliance with standards \\
\textbf{Drew (Customer)} & End customer/client & Reliable system, good
support, fast ROI \\
\end{longtable}

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{user-stories-by-persona}{%
\subsection{2. User Stories by Persona}\label{user-stories-by-persona}}

\hypertarget{alex-operator}{%
\subsubsection{2.1 Alex (Operator)}\label{alex-operator}}

\hypertarget{story-1-basic-operation-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 1: Basic Operation (Must
Have)}\label{story-1-basic-operation-must-have}}

\textbf{As} an operator, \textbf{I want} to start and stop the
pick-and-place system with a single button press, \textbf{So that} I can
operate the system without technical knowledge.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Single ``Start'' button initiates the
full workflow (scan → pick → place) - ``Stop'' button safely halts all
motion within 1 second - Emergency stop button cuts power to motors
immediately (\textless100ms) - Visual indicator (green/red LED) shows
system status

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 3 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} State Machine, Task Orchestration, Safety

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-2-real-time-monitoring-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 2: Real-Time Monitoring (Must
Have)}\label{story-2-real-time-monitoring-must-have}}

\textbf{As} an operator, \textbf{I want} to see a live dashboard showing
robot status, throughput, and errors, \textbf{So that} I can quickly
identify and address issues.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Dashboard displays: current state,
objects processed, cycle time, error log - Updates in real-time
(\textless1 second latency) - Color-coded alerts (green=OK,
yellow=warning, red=error) - Accessible via web browser or touchscreen
HMI

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 5 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} UI/Visualization, Monitoring \& Logging

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-3-error-recovery-guidance-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 3: Error Recovery Guidance (Should
Have)}\label{story-3-error-recovery-guidance-should-have}}

\textbf{As} an operator, \textbf{I want} clear instructions when an
error occurs (e.g., ``Object not detected - check lighting''),
\textbf{So that} I can resolve issues without calling engineering
support.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Error messages are human-readable (no
error codes alone) - Suggested recovery actions displayed (e.g.,
``Retry'', ``Adjust camera'', ``Call support'') - One-click retry
mechanism for transient errors - Error log with timestamp and severity

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 5 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Error Handling, State Machine

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-4-manual-intervention-mode-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 4: Manual Intervention Mode (Should
Have)}\label{story-4-manual-intervention-mode-should-have}}

\textbf{As} an operator, \textbf{I want} to manually jog the robot to a
safe position if automatic recovery fails, \textbf{So that} I can clear
obstructions or reposition objects.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Teach pendant or joystick interface
available - Robot moves at reduced speed (10\% max) in manual mode -
Collision detection active during manual jog - Auto-returns to home
position after manual intervention

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Motion Control, Safety

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{jordan-integrator}{%
\subsubsection{2.2 Jordan (Integrator)}\label{jordan-integrator}}

\hypertarget{story-5-guided-calibration-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 5: Guided Calibration (Must
Have)}\label{story-5-guided-calibration-must-have}}

\textbf{As} an integrator, \textbf{I want} a step-by-step wizard to
calibrate the camera-to-robot transformation, \textbf{So that} I can
deploy the system without deep robotics knowledge.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Wizard guides through: robot
positioning, checkerboard placement, image capture - Automatic
computation of hand-eye calibration matrix - Validation step (detect
known object, verify position accuracy \textless5mm) - Calibration
results saved and version-controlled

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Camera-Robot Calibration, Coordinate Transforms

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-6-workspace-configuration-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 6: Workspace Configuration (Must
Have)}\label{story-6-workspace-configuration-must-have}}

\textbf{As} an integrator, \textbf{I want} to define pick and place
zones via a GUI (draw polygons in RViz), \textbf{So that} I can
customize the system for different factory layouts.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Interactive zone definition in RViz2
(draw 2D polygons, set heights) - Save/load zone configurations (YAML
files) - System only picks/places within defined zones - Collision
objects automatically added to planning scene

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Motion Planning, Collision Avoidance

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-7-gripper-selection-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 7: Gripper Selection (Should
Have)}\label{story-7-gripper-selection-should-have}}

\textbf{As} an integrator, \textbf{I want} to select from pre-configured
gripper types (parallel jaw, suction, custom), \textbf{So that} I can
adapt to different object types.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Dropdown menu to select gripper type -
System adjusts grasp planning algorithm based on selection - Gripper
parameters (max force, stroke) configurable - Test grasp function to
validate configuration

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Grasp Planning, End-Effector Control

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-8-simulation-before-deployment-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 8: Simulation Before Deployment (Should
Have)}\label{story-8-simulation-before-deployment-should-have}}

\textbf{As} an integrator, \textbf{I want} to test the system in Gazebo
simulation before running on real hardware, \textbf{So that} I can
validate configuration without risk.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Launch files for both simulation and
real hardware - Simulated camera provides synthetic images (textured
objects) - Motion planning and control identical in sim and real -
``Sim-to-real'' checklist ensures parity

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Simulation, Testing

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{sam-engineer}{%
\subsubsection{2.3 Sam (Engineer)}\label{sam-engineer}}

\hypertarget{story-9-modular-architecture-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 9: Modular Architecture (Must
Have)}\label{story-9-modular-architecture-must-have}}

\textbf{As} an engineer, \textbf{I want} the system to use ROS2 nodes
with well-defined interfaces (topics, services, actions), \textbf{So
that} I can develop and test modules independently.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Each subsystem (vision, planning,
control) is a separate ROS2 package - Interfaces documented in README
with message types - Launch files support launching individual nodes for
testing - Unit tests for each node (\textgreater80\% code coverage)

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 21 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} ROS2 Architecture, Software Design

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-10-live-parameter-tuning-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 10: Live Parameter Tuning (Should
Have)}\label{story-10-live-parameter-tuning-should-have}}

\textbf{As} an engineer, \textbf{I want} to adjust PID gains and motion
parameters via dynamic reconfigure, \textbf{So that} I can optimize
performance without recompiling code.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - ROS2 parameters for: PID gains,
trajectory speed limits, detection thresholds - Changes take effect
immediately (no restart required) - Parameter server maintains history
(rollback support) - Save tuned parameters to YAML for persistence

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 5 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Control Tuning, ros2\_control

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-11-debugging-tools-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 11: Debugging Tools (Should
Have)}\label{story-11-debugging-tools-should-have}}

\textbf{As} an engineer, \textbf{I want} to record ROS2 bags of failed
pick attempts and replay them, \textbf{So that} I can debug issues
offline.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Auto-record bags on error (last 30
seconds of data) - Bags include: images, joint states, TF, planning
scene - Replay mode allows stepping through time - Annotate bags with
error descriptions

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Logging, Debugging

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-12-custom-ai-model-integration-could-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 12: Custom AI Model Integration (Could
Have)}\label{story-12-custom-ai-model-integration-could-have}}

\textbf{As} an engineer, \textbf{I want} to swap the object detection
model (e.g., YOLOv8 → custom model), \textbf{So that} I can adapt to new
object types.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Model loader accepts ONNX or TensorRT
formats - Configuration file specifies model path, input size, classes -
Inference node automatically adjusts preprocessing - Benchmark tool
compares model performance

\textbf{Priority:} Could Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} AI/ML, Object Detection

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{morgan-manager}{%
\subsubsection{2.4 Morgan (Manager)}\label{morgan-manager}}

\hypertarget{story-13-performance-dashboard-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 13: Performance Dashboard (Must
Have)}\label{story-13-performance-dashboard-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a manager, \textbf{I want} a high-level dashboard showing
throughput, uptime, and error rates, \textbf{So that} I can track KPIs
and report to stakeholders.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Dashboard shows: picks/hour, uptime \%,
error rate, cycle time (avg/p95) - Historical trends (daily, weekly,
monthly) - Export reports as PDF or CSV - Alerts when KPIs fall below
thresholds

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Monitoring, Analytics

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-14-roi-calculator-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 14: ROI Calculator (Should
Have)}\label{story-14-roi-calculator-should-have}}

\textbf{As} a manager, \textbf{I want} to see a cost-benefit analysis
(labor saved vs system cost), \textbf{So that} I can justify the
investment.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Input: labor cost/hour, picks/day
(manual), system cost - Output: payback period, NPV, IRR - Compare
scenarios (1 robot vs 2 robots, etc.) - Interactive what-if analysis

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Business Case, ROI

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-15-predictive-maintenance-could-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 15: Predictive Maintenance (Could
Have)}\label{story-15-predictive-maintenance-could-have}}

\textbf{As} a manager, \textbf{I want} alerts when components (motors,
gripper) are predicted to fail, \textbf{So that} I can schedule
maintenance proactively.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Monitor motor temperatures, cycle
counts, vibration - ML model predicts remaining useful life (RUL) -
Alert when RUL \textless{} 2 weeks - Maintenance schedule auto-generated

\textbf{Priority:} Could Have \textbf{Story Points:} 21 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Predictive Maintenance, AI/ML

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{casey-maintenance}{%
\subsubsection{2.5 Casey (Maintenance)}\label{casey-maintenance}}

\hypertarget{story-16-diagnostic-tools-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 16: Diagnostic Tools (Must
Have)}\label{story-16-diagnostic-tools-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a maintenance technician, \textbf{I want} a health check
tool that tests all sensors and actuators, \textbf{So that} I can
quickly diagnose faults.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - One-click health check runs in
\textless5 minutes - Tests: camera (image quality), encoders (position
accuracy), F/T sensor (calibration), motors (torque) - Pass/fail report
with detailed errors - Guidance for replacing failed components

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Testing, Diagnostics

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-17-maintenance-schedule-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 17: Maintenance Schedule (Should
Have)}\label{story-17-maintenance-schedule-should-have}}

\textbf{As} a maintenance technician, \textbf{I want} a calendar showing
upcoming maintenance tasks (e.g., ``Lubricate joints every 1000
hours''), \textbf{So that} I can plan preventive maintenance.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Maintenance tasks defined per component
- Calendar view shows next due date - Email/SMS reminders 1 week before
due - Log completed tasks (date, technician, notes)

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Maintenance Planning

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-18-spare-parts-inventory-could-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 18: Spare Parts Inventory (Could
Have)}\label{story-18-spare-parts-inventory-could-have}}

\textbf{As} a maintenance technician, \textbf{I want} the system to
track spare parts usage and reorder when low, \textbf{So that} I don't
run out of critical components.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Inventory database (part name, quantity,
reorder level) - Alert when quantity \textless{} reorder level -
Integration with procurement system (auto-generate PO) - Track part
usage per robot

\textbf{Priority:} Could Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Inventory Management

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{taylor-data-scientist}{%
\subsubsection{2.6 Taylor (Data
Scientist)}\label{taylor-data-scientist}}

\hypertarget{story-19-data-collection-pipeline-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 19: Data Collection Pipeline (Must
Have)}\label{story-19-data-collection-pipeline-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a data scientist, \textbf{I want} to automatically log
images and labels (bounding boxes, poses) for every pick, \textbf{So
that} I can build a dataset for model retraining.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Log RGB-D images, ground-truth poses
(from robot FK) - Metadata: timestamp, object class, success/failure -
Storage: HDF5 or organized folder structure - Option to anonymize data
(blur backgrounds)

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Data Management, AI/ML

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-20-model-retraining-workflow-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 20: Model Retraining Workflow (Should
Have)}\label{story-20-model-retraining-workflow-should-have}}

\textbf{As} a data scientist, \textbf{I want} a Jupyter notebook
template for retraining the detection model on new data, \textbf{So
that} I can improve accuracy without starting from scratch.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Template includes: data loading,
train/val split, training loop, evaluation - Pre-configured
hyperparameters (learning rate, batch size) - MLflow integration for
experiment tracking - Export trained model to ONNX/TensorRT

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} AI/ML, Training Pipeline

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-21-ab-testing-for-models-could-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 21: A/B Testing for Models (Could
Have)}\label{story-21-ab-testing-for-models-could-have}}

\textbf{As} a data scientist, \textbf{I want} to deploy two models in
parallel (A/B test) and compare their performance, \textbf{So that} I
can validate improvements before full rollout.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Route 50\% of requests to model A, 50\%
to model B - Log inference results for both models - Compare metrics:
accuracy, latency, error rate - Gradual rollout (10\% → 50\% → 100\%)

\textbf{Priority:} Could Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} AI/ML, Experimentation

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{riley-safety-officer}{%
\subsubsection{2.7 Riley (Safety Officer)}\label{riley-safety-officer}}

\hypertarget{story-22-safety-zone-monitoring-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 22: Safety Zone Monitoring (Must
Have)}\label{story-22-safety-zone-monitoring-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a safety officer, \textbf{I want} the robot to stop
immediately if a human enters the workspace, \textbf{So that} we comply
with ISO 10218 and prevent injuries.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Vision-based human detection (YOLO
person class) - Safety-rated laser scanner (optional, for redundancy) -
Robot stops within 100ms of detection - Cannot restart until human
leaves zone and ``Resume'' is pressed

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Safety, Human-Robot Interaction

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-23-audit-trail-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 23: Audit Trail (Must
Have)}\label{story-23-audit-trail-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a safety officer, \textbf{I want} immutable logs of all
safety events (E-stop, collisions, zone breaches), \textbf{So that} I
can investigate incidents and ensure compliance.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Logs include: timestamp, event type,
trigger source, robot state - Logs cannot be edited or deleted
(append-only) - Retention: 5 years - Export logs for audits (PDF report)

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 8 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Logging, Security, Compliance

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-24-force-limiting-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 24: Force Limiting (Should
Have)}\label{story-24-force-limiting-should-have}}

\textbf{As} a safety officer, \textbf{I want} the robot to limit contact
forces to \textless150N (per ISO/TS 15066), \textbf{So that}
collaborative operation is safe.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - F/T sensor monitors contact forces in
real-time - Robot stops if force exceeds 150N - Configurable force
limits per zone (lower limits near humans) - Monthly force calibration
check

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} 13 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Safety, Force Control

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{drew-customer}{%
\subsubsection{2.8 Drew (Customer)}\label{drew-customer}}

\hypertarget{story-25-easy-deployment-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 25: Easy Deployment (Must
Have)}\label{story-25-easy-deployment-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a customer, \textbf{I want} the system to be operational
within 1 day of delivery, \textbf{So that} I minimize downtime.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Pre-configured for common use cases
(e.g., bin picking, kitting) - Calibration wizard completes in
\textless1 hour - Training materials: video tutorials, quick start guide
- Remote support available during setup

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} 21 \textbf{Related
Concepts:} Deployment, Documentation

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-26-vendor-support-must-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 26: Vendor Support (Must
Have)}\label{story-26-vendor-support-must-have}}

\textbf{As} a customer, \textbf{I want} 24/7 support with \textless4
hour response time for critical issues, \textbf{So that} I can maintain
production uptime.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Support portal with ticketing system -
Phone/email/chat support channels - SLA: critical issues \textless4
hours, normal issues \textless24 hours - Remote diagnostics (VPN access
with customer approval)

\textbf{Priority:} Must Have \textbf{Story Points:} N/A (operational)
\textbf{Related Concepts:} Support, Maintenance

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{story-27-performance-guarantee-should-have}{%
\paragraph{Story 27: Performance Guarantee (Should
Have)}\label{story-27-performance-guarantee-should-have}}

\textbf{As} a customer, \textbf{I want} a guarantee that the system
achieves ≥99\% grasp success on my objects, \textbf{So that} I trust the
system will meet my needs.

\textbf{Acceptance Criteria:} - Pre-deployment testing on customer's
objects (100 picks) - Performance report with success rate, cycle time -
Money-back guarantee if \textless99\% success after tuning - Quarterly
performance reviews

\textbf{Priority:} Should Have \textbf{Story Points:} N/A (business
process) \textbf{Related Concepts:} Performance, SLA

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{user-stories-mapped-to-core-robotics-concepts}{%
\subsection{3. User Stories Mapped to Core Robotics
Concepts}\label{user-stories-mapped-to-core-robotics-concepts}}

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 2\tabcolsep) * \real{0.3452}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 2\tabcolsep) * \real{0.6548}}@{}}
\toprule\noalign{}
\begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Robotics Concept}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{User Stories}
\end{minipage} \\
\midrule\noalign{}
\endhead
\bottomrule\noalign{}
\endlastfoot
Computer Vision & 2, 5, 12, 19, 22 \\
Kinematics (FK/IK) & 4, 5, 6, 19 \\
Motion Planning & 6, 8, 9 \\
Grasp Planning & 7, 12 \\
Control \& Execution & 1, 4, 10 \\
State Machine & 1, 3 \\
Sensor Fusion \& Calibration & 5, 16 \\
Coordinate Transforms & 5, 6 \\
Collision Avoidance & 4, 6 \\
Safety \& HRI & 1, 22, 24 \\
Monitoring \& Logging & 2, 11, 23 \\
AI/ML & 12, 15, 19, 20, 21, 22 \\
Simulation & 8 \\
Performance Optimization & 10, 13, 27 \\
\end{longtable}

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{prioritization-summary-moscow}{%
\subsection{4. Prioritization Summary
(MoSCoW)}\label{prioritization-summary-moscow}}

\hypertarget{must-have-17-stories}{%
\subsubsection{Must Have (17 stories)}\label{must-have-17-stories}}

Critical for MVP and core functionality: 1, 2, 5, 6, 9, 13, 16, 19, 22,
23, 25, 26

\hypertarget{should-have-10-stories}{%
\subsubsection{Should Have (10 stories)}\label{should-have-10-stories}}

Important for usability and production-readiness: 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 11,
14, 17, 20, 24

\hypertarget{could-have-5-stories}{%
\subsubsection{Could Have (5 stories)}\label{could-have-5-stories}}

Nice-to-have, added if time permits: 12, 15, 18, 21, 27

\hypertarget{wont-have-this-release}{%
\subsubsection{Won't Have (This Release)}\label{wont-have-this-release}}

Deferred to future versions: - Multi-robot coordination - Cloud-based
analytics - Mobile app (iOS/Android)

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{epic-grouping}{%
\subsection{5. Epic Grouping}\label{epic-grouping}}

\hypertarget{epic-1-core-operation}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 1: Core Operation}\label{epic-1-core-operation}}

Stories: 1, 2, 3, 4 \textbf{Goal:} Enable operators to run the system
reliably

\hypertarget{epic-2-system-integration}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 2: System
Integration}\label{epic-2-system-integration}}

Stories: 5, 6, 7, 8 \textbf{Goal:} Enable integrators to deploy and
configure

\hypertarget{epic-3-developer-experience}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 3: Developer
Experience}\label{epic-3-developer-experience}}

Stories: 9, 10, 11, 12 \textbf{Goal:} Enable engineers to develop and
debug

\hypertarget{epic-4-business-intelligence}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 4: Business
Intelligence}\label{epic-4-business-intelligence}}

Stories: 13, 14, 15 \textbf{Goal:} Provide visibility and ROI to
management

\hypertarget{epic-5-maintenance-support}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 5: Maintenance \&
Support}\label{epic-5-maintenance-support}}

Stories: 16, 17, 18 \textbf{Goal:} Enable proactive and reactive
maintenance

\hypertarget{epic-6-aiml-pipeline}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 6: AI/ML Pipeline}\label{epic-6-aiml-pipeline}}

Stories: 19, 20, 21 \textbf{Goal:} Enable continuous model improvement

\hypertarget{epic-7-safety-compliance}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 7: Safety \&
Compliance}\label{epic-7-safety-compliance}}

Stories: 22, 23, 24 \textbf{Goal:} Ensure safe operation and regulatory
compliance

\hypertarget{epic-8-customer-success}{%
\subsubsection{Epic 8: Customer Success}\label{epic-8-customer-success}}

Stories: 25, 26, 27 \textbf{Goal:} Ensure customer satisfaction and
adoption

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{user-story-estimation}{%
\subsection{6. User Story Estimation}\label{user-story-estimation}}

\hypertarget{story-points-distribution}{%
\subsubsection{Story Points
Distribution}\label{story-points-distribution}}

\begin{itemize}
\tightlist
\item
  \textbf{Small (3-5 points):} 7 stories (Quick wins, 1-2 weeks)
\item
  \textbf{Medium (8-13 points):} 13 stories (Standard features, 2-4
  weeks)
\item
  \textbf{Large (21 points):} 3 stories (Complex features, 4-8 weeks)
\end{itemize}

\hypertarget{total-effort-estimate}{%
\subsubsection{Total Effort Estimate}\label{total-effort-estimate}}

\begin{itemize}
\tightlist
\item
  \textbf{Must Have:} \textasciitilde150 story points (≈30 weeks with 1
  dev, ≈15 weeks with 2 devs)
\item
  \textbf{Should Have:} \textasciitilde80 story points (≈16 weeks)
\item
  \textbf{Could Have:} \textasciitilde60 story points (≈12 weeks)
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Estimated MVP Timeline:} 6 months (2 developers) for Must Have +
Should Have

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{acceptance-testing-scenarios}{%
\subsection{7. Acceptance Testing
Scenarios}\label{acceptance-testing-scenarios}}

\hypertarget{scenario-1-end-to-end-pick-place-story-1-2}{%
\subsubsection{Scenario 1: End-to-End Pick-Place (Story 1,
2)}\label{scenario-1-end-to-end-pick-place-story-1-2}}

\textbf{Given} 10 objects on a table \textbf{When} operator presses
``Start'' \textbf{Then} system picks and places all 10 objects within 30
seconds \textbf{And} dashboard shows 100\% success rate

\hypertarget{scenario-2-error-recovery-story-3}{%
\subsubsection{Scenario 2: Error Recovery (Story
3)}\label{scenario-2-error-recovery-story-3}}

\textbf{Given} an occluded object (not detectable) \textbf{When} system
scans the workspace \textbf{Then} error message displays ``Object not
detected - check for occlusions'' \textbf{And} operator can press
``Retry'' or ``Skip''

\hypertarget{scenario-3-calibration-story-5}{%
\subsubsection{Scenario 3: Calibration (Story
5)}\label{scenario-3-calibration-story-5}}

\textbf{Given} a new robot installation \textbf{When} integrator runs
calibration wizard \textbf{Then} hand-eye transform computed within 5
minutes \textbf{And} validation detects object position with
\textless5mm error

\hypertarget{scenario-4-safety-stop-story-22}{%
\subsubsection{Scenario 4: Safety Stop (Story
22)}\label{scenario-4-safety-stop-story-22}}

\textbf{Given} robot is moving toward pick position \textbf{When} human
enters safety zone \textbf{Then} robot stops within 100ms \textbf{And}
alarm sounds, ``Resume'' button required to continue

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{non-functional-requirements-derived-from-stories}{%
\subsection{8. Non-Functional Requirements Derived from
Stories}\label{non-functional-requirements-derived-from-stories}}

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 4\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2371}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 4\tabcolsep) * \real{0.5567}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 4\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2062}}@{}}
\toprule\noalign{}
\begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{NFR Category}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Requirement}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Source Stories}
\end{minipage} \\
\midrule\noalign{}
\endhead
\bottomrule\noalign{}
\endlastfoot
\textbf{Performance} & Cycle time ≤2 sec/object & 13, 27 \\
\textbf{Reliability} & Uptime ≥99.5\% & 13, 26 \\
\textbf{Usability} & Operator training ≤4 hours & 1, 2, 3 \\
\textbf{Scalability} & Support 1-10 robots on same network & 9 \\
\textbf{Security} & Authentication required for config changes & 23 \\
\textbf{Maintainability} & Code coverage ≥80\% & 9 \\
\textbf{Portability} & Support Ubuntu 22.04, ROS2 Humble & 9 \\
\textbf{Safety} & Comply with ISO 10218, ISO/TS 15066 & 22, 24 \\
\end{longtable}

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{traceability-matrix}{%
\subsection{9. Traceability Matrix}\label{traceability-matrix}}

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.1758}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2637}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2967}}
  >{\raggedright\arraybackslash}p{(\columnwidth - 6\tabcolsep) * \real{0.2637}}@{}}
\toprule\noalign{}
\begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{User Story}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{System Requirement}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Design Component}
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{\linewidth}\raggedright
\textbf{Test Case}
\end{minipage} \\
\midrule\noalign{}
\endhead
\bottomrule\noalign{}
\endlastfoot
1 & REQ-001: Start/Stop & Task Orchestrator FSM & TC-001: Start
button \\
2 & REQ-002: Dashboard & Grafana + Prometheus & TC-002: Dashboard
load \\
5 & REQ-005: Calibration & Hand-Eye Calibration Node & TC-005: Calib
accuracy \\
9 & REQ-009: Modularity & ROS2 Package Structure & TC-009: Unit tests \\
22 & REQ-022: Safety Zone & Human Detection Node & TC-022: Stop on
detect \\
\end{longtable}

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{conclusion}{%
\subsection{10. Conclusion}\label{conclusion}}

This user story collection provides: - \textbf{27 user stories} covering
8 personas - \textbf{Mapped to core robotics concepts} (vision,
planning, control, safety, AI) - \textbf{Prioritized} using MoSCoW (17
Must Have, 10 Should Have, 5 Could Have) - \textbf{Grouped into 8 epics}
for sprint planning - \textbf{Estimated at 290 story points} total
(\textasciitilde58 weeks with 1 developer) - \textbf{Acceptance
criteria} and test scenarios for validation

\textbf{Next Steps:} 1. Refine story points with development team 2.
Create detailed tasks for each story (subtasks in Jira/Linear) 3. Sprint
planning: allocate stories to 2-week sprints 4. Continuous backlog
grooming based on feedback

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\textbf{Document Status:} ✅ Complete \textbf{Last Updated:} 2025-10-18
\textbf{Author:} Product Management Team \textbf{Review Status:} Pending
Stakeholder Review

\end{document}
